**Version 2.0.7** - April 30, 2012
* Added option (main.reload-on-join) to reload cached player data when they connect to the server.
* Added option (account.update-last-login) to toggle updating of the lastlogindate & lastloginip database fields.
* Added ability to check if a new update is available.
* Fixed /xauth reload allowing non-logged in players to bypass /login.
* Re-added reverse-enforce-single-session feature for those also running the Spout plugin. Will be fully implemented when I figure out how using Spout resolves the exploit.
* Removed support for individual Permissions plugins since they all support Bukkit Permissions.
* Added option to enable/disable required login after registration.
* Fixed server crash involving a player logging out with no solid block below them while location protection was disabled.

***
**Version 2.0.6** - April 19, 2012
* Health will no longer regenerate for players who are not logged in.
* Fixed: Location protection activating while guest.protect-location is set to false.
* Fixed: Item duplication exploit involving connecting with two clients.
* Fixed: NoLagg "Synchronized code got accessed from another thread" errors.
* Added option to show/hide inventory when not logged in. If the inventory is shown, the player will be unable to drop items and modify the inventory.
* Fixed non-logged in players being able to damage other entities.
* Fixed all players having to register even when forced registration was set to false.

***
**Version 2.0.5** - April 2, 2012
* Fixed: Players unable to log in after their session has expired. (Issue #101)
* Added: Configuration node to toggle AuthURL login broadcasts (authurl.broadcast-login).
* Added: Permission node to bypass account limit (xauth.bypass.acclimit).

***
**Version 2.0.4** - April 1, 2012
* Fixed (for the most part) the loss of items/location when a non-logged in player is kicked as a result of a player with the same name joining. (This can still occur under extremely rare conditions that should never happen in the first place)
* Fixed issue where a player could register one more account than the account limit.
* Reduced the number of SQL queries run in an attempt to reduce lag/resource usage.
* Added /xauth activate command (Allows you to activate inactive accounts)
* Added /xauth config command (Allows you to edit the configuration without having to open the file and perform a reload)
* Allow/disallow permission checks are now only executed when a player is not logged in.

***
**Version 2.0.3** - March 21, 2012
* Fixed: Players being kicked for flying when not-logged in as a result of constant teleportation into the air.
* Player potion effects are now properly stored, cleared, and restored.
* Thrown potions can no longer affect non-logged in players.
* Reload command re-added (/xauth reload)
* Fixed database connections not being returned to the connection pool during certain scenarios.

***
**Version 2.0.2** - March 18, 2012
* Fixed "Parameter index out of range (5 > number of parameters, which is 4)".

***
**Version 2.0.1** - March 18, 2012
* Added H2 support for those who don't want to use MySQL.

***
**Version 2.0** - March 16, 2012
* Happy Birthday xAuth!
* Complete re-development of the codebase.
* MySQL is now the only supported datasource.
* Customizable restrictions have been implemented.
* Fixed exploit allowing anyone to bypass the login by connecting with two clients.
    - Setting _reverse-enforce-single-session_ removed as a result of this.
* Added support for enchantments.
* Added support for Minecraft 1.2.*
* Numerous other changes that I'm too lazy to list.

***
**Version 2.0 (Beta 4.1)** - August 19, 2011
* Setting 'allow-multiple' has been changed to 'account-limit'. A new message replacement variable, {ACCOUNTLIMIT}, has also been added.
* Fixed NPE when changing the password, logging out, or unregistering an offline player
* Spaces may now be used in command arguments by using quotes
* Fixed the ability to use commands while not logged in when used with Spout
* Overhaul of the strike system including management commands.

***
**Version 2.0 (Beta 4)** - August 4, 2011
* Spout (BukkitContrib) compatibility fixed
* authURL support (thanks moparisthebest!)
* EasyBan conflict fixed
* Global teleport locations added (/xauth location set|remove [global])
* Support for IPv6
* Option to automatically download required libraries
* Support for Bukkit 'Superperms' Permissions
* Possible fix for the spawn location issues
* Fixed the bug reported in "this":http://forums.bukkit.org/threads/sec-xauth-v2-0-beta-3-5-offline-mode-security-suite-928-1000.8712/page-26#post-529269 post

***
**Version 2.0 (Beta 3.5)** - July 7, 2011
* Fixed a bunch of issues with disabling forced registration
* Database connection will be re-established if the previous connection is closed
* Location protection can now be turned on/off
* Added version command (/xauth version)
* Fixed the bug reported in "this":http://forums.bukkit.org/threads/sec-xauth-v2-0-beta-3-offline-mode-security-suite-689-860-928-953.8712/page-21#post-447819 post

***
**Version 2.0 (Beta 3)** - June 24, 2011
* Fixed StringIndexOutOfBoundsException with WorldEdit reported "here":http://forums.bukkit.org/threads/sec-xauth-v2-0-beta-2-offline-mode-security-suite-689-860.8712/page-18#post-407174.
* Accounts/Session are now reloaded from the database when a player joins to allow external modification
* Allowed commands configuration (guest.allowed-commands)
* Inventory protection now stores items and armor in the database to prevent item loss
* register.error.disabled message fixed

***
**Version 2.0 (Beta 2)** - June 20, 2011
* Fixed ENTITY_DAMAGE ClassCastException reported in "this":http://forums.bukkit.org/threads/sec-xauth-v2-0-beta-1-offline-mode-security-suite-689-860.8712/page-18#post-397808 post
* Account activation fixed for servers using web registration
* Error when a MySQL DATETIME field is 0000-00-00 00:00:00 fixed
* Resetting of active status to 0 upon logging in fixed

***
**Version 2.0 (Beta 1)** - June 19, 2011
* Initial release

***
**Version 1.2.5**
* Various NullPointerException errors fixed
* Players will now be teleported to ground level instead of underground or in the air when not logged in
* Added configuration node to turn on/off location protection (misc.protect-locaton)
* MineQuest entity interaction fixed

***
**Version 1.2.4**
* Any issue involving players falling into the void should be fixed (see next item)
* Players are now teleported to the spawn until they log in
* Compatibility with MultiInv, Backpack, and iZone
* The strike system can now be configured to either kick a player or ban their IP address
* The command '/l' (that's an L) has been added for /login

***
**Version 1.2.3**
* Updated to work with Minecraft 1.5

***
**Version 1.2.2**
* Permissions error spam should be fixed
* Messages telling a player they must register/login are now displayed after "x has joined the server"
* Fixed some compatibility issues with other plugins
* (Technical) All events now use Priority.Lowest instead of Priority.Highest
* Code cleaned up

***
**Version 1.2.1**
* Fix for servers without Permissions installed.

***
**Version 1.2**
* Passwords are now stored as Whirlpool hashes (existing passwords are converted when a player logs in)
* Configurable password complexity implemented
* Option to block players with blank names from connecting
* Players are no longer disconnected if someone with the same name joins
* /logout command added
* New arguments for /toggle
* Unregistering an online player now notifies them and hides their inventory
* Added ability to enable/disable IP verification (session.verifyip)
* Added ability to enable/disable forced registration (registration.force)
* Added permission node 'xauth.exclude' to exclude a group/player from having to register
* Configuration node registration.pw-min-length has been changed to password.min-length
* Configuration node security.filter.* has been changed to filter.*
* Possible fix for COMMAND_PREPROCESS bug, it'll now output an error message to help debug it
* All xauth.admin.toggle.* permission nodes have been grouped into xauth.admin.toggle

***
**Version 1.1.6**
* Support CraftBukkit build #612

***
**Version 1.1.5**
* Updated to latest recommended build
* Added a filter for illegal characters in player names (configurable)
* Movement that involves nothing but falling is now allowed to fix the annoying bouncing

***
**Version 1.1.4.1**
* Fix command breaking bug pointed out in "this":http://forums.bukkit.org/threads/sec-xauth-v1-1-4-offline-player-registration-440-560.8712/page-3#post-157121 post.

***
**Version 1.1.4**
* Customizable messages
* Inventory loss when used with MultiInv should be fixed
* Ability to use commands from (some) other plugins should be fixed
* Implemented a strike system
* Fixed a bug that prevented the accounts file from updated
* Lag/delay when joining a server with a large amount registered accounts reduced

***
**Version 1.1.3**
* /toggle command added with 3 new permission nodes
* Fixed bug where accounts were wiped under rare conditions
* /changepw now checks if the new password meets the pw-min-length config value
* Configuration node misc.save-on-change has been changed to misc.autosave. Your config.yml should automatically update
* Linux version of xAuthImporter has been added.

***
**Version 1.1.2**
* Permissions support, nodes are listed above
* xAuth will disabled itself if the server is running in online-mode
* /remove has been changed to /unregister
* /changepw (to change anyone's password) and /unregister can now be used in-game
* Name bug pointed out in "this":http://forums.bukkit.org/threads/sec-xauth-v1-1-1-offline-player-registration-440-556.8712/#post-143658
 post should be fixed
* Configuration node 'misc.allow-change-pw' has been changed to 'misc.allow-changepw'. This *should* be updated automatically in your config.yml.

***
**Version 1.1.1**
* Inventories are no longer lost if the server is stopped / reloaded when a player is not logged in.
* (Possible) Lag reduction on servers with a large amount of players while a player who isn't logged in is connecting. (Needs to be tested on a large server)
* Four new configurable settings in config.yml
* /authreload can now be used in-game by Ops. (Will add Permissions support eventually)

***
**Version 1.1.0**
* Inventories are no longer lost upon leaving the server without logging in.
* Major revision of how sessions are handled.
* Console now outputs a message when a player registers, logs in, or changes their password.

***
**Version 1.02**
* Players no longer have to re-log in if their session expires while they're online.

***
**Version 1.01**
* Fixed bug where if a player logged out while their session is still active then logged back in after the session should be expired they wouldn't have to log in.

***
**Version 1.0** - March 16, 2011
* Initial release